BD-1438: Add Web IAM logging (#3712)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/in-app_messaging/customization/logging_impressions_and_clicks.md

---
nav_title: Logging Impressions and Clicks
article_title: Logging Impressions and Clicks
platform: Web
channel: in-app messages
page_order: 3
page_type: reference
description: "This article covers logging in-app message impressions and clicks for your web application."

---

# Logging impressions and clicks

> Logging in-app message [impressions](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/modules/braze.html#loginappmessageimpression) and [clicks](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/modules/braze.html#loginappmessagebuttonclick) is performed automatically when you use `showInAppMessage`, and should only be called if you're bypassing that method and manually displaying the message in your own code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging in-app message [impressions](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/modules/braze.html#loginappmessageimpression) and [clicks](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/modules/braze.html#loginappmessagebuttonclick) is performed automatically when you use the `automaticallyDisplayInAppMessages` or `showInAppMessage`.

If you do not use either method and manually display the message using your own UI code then use the following methods to log analytics:
```
